Add client codegen guide to docs (#1586)
awslabs/smithy: docs/source-2.0/guides/generating-code/index.rst

> .. _generating-code:

Reviewer: Should we link this page at the end of the quickstart guide?

Author: I added it as a 'next step'. Let me know what you think about that.

===============
Generating code
===============

> One of the greatest strengths of Smithy is code generation. Smithy models can be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One Smithy's greatest strengths is code generation. Smithy models can be used
```

to generate clients and servers in a variety of programming languages. The generated

> code takes care of low level details like endpoints, serialization/deserialization, etc.

Reviewer 2: **Minor**: I think changing the end of this phrase to something like "[...] endpoints, serialization, deserialization and others." sound a little bit better (:

In this guide, we will use the Smithy model we created in the
:doc:`Quick start guide </quickstart>` to generate

> a TypeScript client that knows how to communicate with the the weather service. For a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a TypeScript client that knows how to communicate with the weather service. For a
```

.. _generating-code:

===============
Generating code
===============

> One Smithy's greatest strengths is code generation. Smithy models can be used to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of Smithy's greatest strengths is code generation. Smithy models can be used to
```
